[ADD] Time off: new my time doc (#9837)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/time_off/my_time.rst

=======
My time
=======

> The :guilabel:`My Time` section of the *Time Off* application houses all the various time off

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *My Time* menu of the *Time Off* application houses all the various time off
```
Opting for italics here because technically the reader isn't on a page that shows this title... this sentence is basically a definition... and also the 'My Time' "section" is more of a "menu w/ options" -- so that's why I think italics > GUI in this situation

information for the signed-in user.

> This includes the main *Time Off* dashboard, which displays an overview of the user's various time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This includes the main *Time Off* dashboard, which displays an overview of various time
```

> off balances, as well as the user's time-off requests and allocations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
off balances, as well as time-off requests and allocations.
```

.. _time_off/dashboard:

Dashboard
---------

> All users have access to the time off dashboard, which is the default view in the *Time Off*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All users have access to the *Time Off* :guilabel:`Dashboard`, which is the first page that appears when the *Time Off*
```

> application. The dashboard can also be accessed at any point in the application by navigating to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
application is opened. The :guilabel:`Dashboard` can also be accessed at any point in the application, by navigating to
```

:menuselection:`Time Off app --> My Time --> Dashboard`.

> The current year is displayed, and the current day is highlighted in red.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current year is displayed, and the current day is highlighted in a red circle.
```

To change the view, click on the :guilabel:`Year` button to reveal a drop-down menu. Then, select
either :guilabel:`Day`, :guilabel:`Week`, or :guilabel:`Month` to present the calendar in that
corresponding view.

To change the displayed dates, click the :icon:`fa-arrow-left` :guilabel:`(left arrow)` or
:icon:`fa-arrow-right` :guilabel:`(right arrow)` icons to the left of the :guilabel:`Year` button.
The calendar view adjusts in increments of the selected view.

> For example, if :guilabel:`Year` is selected, the arrows adjust the view by one year.

Reviewer: this could be an admonition block

> To reset the view so it includes the current date, click the :guilabel:`Today` button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To reset the view, so it includes the current date, click the :guilabel:`Today` button.
```

Above the calendar view is a summary of the user's time off balances. Every time off type that has
been allocated appears in its own summary box. Each summary lists the type of time off, the
corresponding icon, the current available balance (in hours or days), and an expiration date (if
applicable).

To view the full details of a time off balance, click the :icon:`fa-question-circle-o`
:guilabel:`(question mark)` icon at the end of the :guilabel:`(DAYS/HOURS) AVAILABLE` on the time
off summary. The complete details are presented in a popover window, including the

> :guilabel:`Allocated` time, future :guilabel:`Accrual` time, :guilabel:`Approved` time off

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Allocated` time, :guilabel:`Accrual (Future)` time, :guilabel:`Approved` time off
```

scheduled, :guilabel:`Planned` time off, and the currently :guilabel:`Available` time off.

.. image:: my_time/balance-details.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A view of the complete time off balance details in the popover window.

> A user can also select a future date to see an estimate of how much time they should accrue by that
>  point. On the right side of the time off summary blocks, there is a :guilabel:`Balance at the
>  (date)` field. Click on the date, and a calendar selector popover appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A user can also select a future date to see an estimate of how much time they should accrue by that
point. On the right side of the time off summary blocks, there is a :guilabel:`Balance at the (date)` field.
Click on the date, and a calendar selector popover appears.
```
Can you please clarify a bit more where this specific element can be found on the dashboard? Because I am having a difficult time locating it in the runbot I am using for this review. Perhaps I am just not looking hard enough? 😆 

![Screenshot 2024-06-21 093623](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/assets/73958186/f62148fe-7fca-4731-9dd5-8cf29746e746)

Author: Oh!! You aren't seeing this because in the runbot you do not have any time off assigned to you that accrues over time. You have only time that is assigned and granted immediately, with no waiting. So this is only visible when you can actually "earn" or accrue the time over a period of time. I'll add that note!

The current date is the default date selected. Navigate to the desired date, and Odoo displays the
time off balances the user should have on that date. This takes into account all time off currently
planned and approved. To return to the current date, click the :guilabel:`Today` button to the right
of the date field.

> On the right side of the calendar, the various time off types are displayed, with their

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the right side of the calendar, the various time off types are displayed, each with their own
```

> corresponding colors. The :guilabel:`Legend` explains how the various statuses for time off requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
corresponding color. The :guilabel:`Legend` explains how the various statuses for time off requests
```

are presented.

> Time off that has been validated appears in a solid color. Time off requests that still need
> to be approved appear with white stripes in the color. Refused time off requests have a line
> through the dates. The color for each request corresponds to the specified color set in the
> :guilabel:`Time Off Type` section above the :guilabel:`Legend`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Time off that has been :guilabel:`Validated` appears in a solid color. Time off requests that are still in the
:guilabel:`To Approve` stage, appear with white stripes in the color. :guilabel:`Refused` time off requests have a line
through the dates. 

The color for each request corresponds to the specified color set with the various time off types, listed in the section above the :guilabel:`Legend`.
```

New time off requests can be made from the :guilabel:`Dashboard`. Click the :guilabel:`New` button

> at the top of the dashboard, and a :doc:`New Time Off <request_time_off>` pop-up window appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the upper-left corner, and a :doc:`New Time Off <request_time_off>` pop-up window appears.
```

New allocation requests can also be made from the :guilabel:`Dashboard`. Click the :guilabel:`New

> Allocation Request` button at the top of the :guilabel:`Dashboard` to request more time off, and a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allocation Request` button to request more time off, and a
```

> :ref:`New Allocation <time_off/request-allocation>` modal appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:ref:`New Allocation <time_off/request-allocation>` pop-up window appears.
```
remember: we're going to avoid using "modal" -- we've opted to go with "pop-up window" as it is more universally understood 👍

.. image:: my_time/dashboard.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Time off dashboard view with the legend, time off summaries, and view buttons highlighted.

.. _time_off/my-time-off:

My time off
-----------

> To view a list of all the user's time off requests, navigate to :menuselection:`Time Off app --> My

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view a list of all the time off requests, navigate to :menuselection:`Time Off app --> My
```

Author: The reason I kept saying "user's" throughout the doc was because if you are a manager, you see both your requests and the people you manage, in some places. other spots, just yours. So I wanted to make that more clear, but I see why it wounds/reads better without it.

Time --> My Time Off`. Here, all time off requests, both past and present, appear in a list view.

The list includes the following information for each request: the :guilabel:`Time Off Type`,
:guilabel:`Description`, :guilabel:`Start Date`, :guilabel:`End Date`, :guilabel:`Duration`, and
:guilabel:`Status`.

A new time off request can be made from this view. Click the :guilabel:`New` button to

> :doc:`request_time_off`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:doc:`request_time_off`.
```

.. _time_off/my-allocations:

My allocations
--------------

> To view a list of all the user's allocations, navigate to :menuselection:`Time Off app --> My Time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view a list of all allocations, navigate to :menuselection:`Time Off app --> My Time
```

--> My Allocations`. All allocations and requested allocations appear in a list view.

> The information presented on the :guilabel:`My Allocations` page includes: the :guilabel:`Time Off

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The information presented on the :guilabel:`My Allocations` page includes: :guilabel:`Time Off
```

=======
My time
=======

The :guilabel:`My Time` section of the *Time Off* application houses all the various time off
information for the signed-in user.

This includes the main *Time Off* dashboard, which displays an overview of the user's various time

> off balances, as well as the user's time off requests and allocations.

Reviewer 2: Technically, "time-off" should be hyphenated each time it is followed by a noun.
```suggestion
off balances, as well as the user's time-off requests and allocations.
```

.. _time_off/dashboard:

Dashboard
---------

All users have access to the time off dashboard, which is the default view in the *Time Off*
application. The dashboard can also be accessed at any point in the application by navigating to
:menuselection:`Time Off app --> My Time --> Dashboard`.

The current year is displayed, and the current day is highlighted in red.

To change the view, click on the :guilabel:`Year` button to reveal a drop-down menu. Then, select
either :guilabel:`Day`, :guilabel:`Week`, or :guilabel:`Month` to present the calendar in that
corresponding view.

> To change the presented dates, click the :icon:`fa-arrow-left` :guilabel:`(left arrow)` or

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To change the displayed dates, click the :icon:`fa-arrow-left` :guilabel:`(left arrow)` or
```

:icon:`fa-arrow-right` :guilabel:`(right arrow)` icons to the left of the :guilabel:`Year` button.

> The calendar view adjusts in increments of the presented view.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The calendar view adjusts in increments of the selected view.
```

For example, if :guilabel:`Year` is selected, the arrows adjust the view by one year.

> To change the view at any point to a view that includes the current date, click the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To reset the view so it includes the current date, click the
```

:guilabel:`Today` button.

Above the calendar view is a summary of the user's time off balances. Every time off type that has
been allocated appears in its own summary box. Each summary lists the type of time off, the
corresponding icon, the current available balance (in hours or days), and an expiration date (if
applicable).

To view the full details of a time off balance, click the :icon:`fa-question-circle-o`
:guilabel:`(question mark)` icon at the end of the :guilabel:`(DAYS/HOURS) AVAILABLE` on the time
off summary. The complete details are presented in a popover window, including the
:guilabel:`Allocated` time, future :guilabel:`Accrual` time, :guilabel:`Approved` time off
scheduled, :guilabel:`Planned` time off, and the currently :guilabel:`Available` time off.

.. image:: my_time/balance-details.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A view of the complete time off balance details in the popover window.

> A user is also able to see how much time off they will have accrued in the future. On the right side

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A user can also select a future date to see an estimate of how much time they should accrue by that point. On the right side
```

of the time off summary blocks, there is a :guilabel:`Balance at the (date)` field. Click on the
date, and a calendar selector popover appears.

The current date is the default date selected. Navigate to the desired date, and Odoo displays the

> time off balances the user will have on that date. This takes into account all time off currently

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
time off balances the user should have on that date. This takes into account all time off currently
```

planned and approved. To return to the current date, click the :guilabel:`Today` button to the right
of the date field.

On the right side of the calendar, the various time off types are displayed, with their
corresponding colors. The :guilabel:`Legend` explains how the various statuses for time off requests
are presented.

Time off that has been validated appears in a solid color (in the color specified in the
:guilabel:`Time Off Type` section above the :guilabel:`Legend`). Time off requests that still need

> to be approved appear with white stripes in the color. Refused time off requests have a colored line

Reviewer 2: Is the colored line always the same color?

Author: It's always the color of the request. So sick time off will always appear as the color that is designated for sick time (let's say yellow). And vacation time will always appear however that was configured (let's say blue). So all sick time off requests in this example would be yellow- whether approved, or denied (so either solid, or with white stripes, or with a strike through).

through the dates.

New time off requests can be made from the :guilabel:`Dashboard`. Click the :guilabel:`New` button
at the top of the dashboard, and a :doc:`New Time Off <request_time_off>` pop-up window appears.

New allocation requests can also be made from the :guilabel:`Dashboard`. Click the :guilabel:`New
Allocation Request` button at the top of the :guilabel:`Dashboard` to request more time off, and a
:ref:`New Allocation <time_off/request-allocation>` modal appears.

.. image:: my_time/dashboard.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Time off dashboard view with the legend, time off summaries, and view buttons highlighted.

.. _time_off/my-time-off:

My time off
-----------

To view a list of all the user's time off requests, navigate to :menuselection:`Time Off app --> My
Time --> My Time Off`. Here, all time off requests, both past and present, appear in a list view.

The list includes the following information for each request: the :guilabel:`Time Off Type`,

> :guilabel:`Description`, :guilabel:`Start Date`, :guilabel:`End Date`, :guilabel:`Duration`, and the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Description`, :guilabel:`Start Date`, :guilabel:`End Date`, :guilabel:`Duration`, and
```
